Projects and project reviews are
a super important part of your learning experience at Udacity.
Completion of projects enables you to graduate from the nanodegree program,
but more importantly your projects also
act as substantial building blocks for your portfolio of work.
Once you've finished each project, you'll submit it to us,
and we'll send it back to you with feedback from one of our mentors.
You can submit each project as many times as you need
to until it meets the specifications of the rubric.
This process of getting feedback from experts in
your community and making changes in accordance with that,
will really strengthen your learning.
It will also help you produce super high quality work.
It gives you practice at the kind of iterative process
that happens in the tech world all day every day.